https://codepen.io/morganmwoods/pen/vYGYYRg?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that gives info to both the browser and developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
To display the content of a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Code that affects the behavior of the element. After the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Making a primary header. Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
<input> <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
metadata
    7. What is an id? 
An attribute that singles out an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Global attributes
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
    10. What is a class? 
a global attribute which can be used to code in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many as you'd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add target="_blank" to anchor tags
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Provides text to speech for the visually impaired and for wher the image fails to load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
sections provide info to both dev and browser. Divs only provide to the dev.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling the front-end
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
classes are used to select en masse. ids are for a single selection. 
You might use classes for entirely grey paragraph backgrounds, exept for one that you'd prefer to be white. In which case you'd use an ID
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
If you had 5 children nested, then you'd group with div > p. This could be useful for styling all except for the parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A keyword that adds to a specified element under certain conditions.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform uppercase = all caps /text-tran capitalize only capitalizes the first letter. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
border: 1px dotted #000000;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm text.txw
There aren't any security measures in place because we bypass the GUI
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Incase there's ever a bug or any sort of complication, you can always revert
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Every 20 mins or when accomplishing something
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1) Create your own repo by forking
2) Double check repo name
3) Add TL as collaborator
4) Clone repo and copy link to clipboard
5) Enter terminal, make way to preffered dir where you'll be forking
6) Use git clone link
7) cd git repo
8) git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
9) work on repo
10) git add/commit
11) push changes back to github
12) submit PR
13) Add TL to reviewers and submit PR
14) Do not merge own PR


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 